README.md, before:

# ThreatHunting

This repository contains my analysis of various malware samples uploaded to Malware Bazaar. 

## Analyzed Samples
| SHA256 | Analysis | File Type | Yara Rule |
|---|---|---|---|
| [6fff03a5b2e69d3e0fc91be6d24a3dbbd37e490214122fa2a1ea6e80acfa2131](https://github.com/M-Faheem-Khan/ThreatHunting/blob/main/6fff03a5b2e69d3e0fc91be6d24a3dbbd37e490214122fa2a1ea6e80acfa2131/analysis.md) | YES | MS Excel (xlsx) | YES |
| [05aa485c6efbef1c65e5876428d00cbb72b85b0c16530ec9f0ed47355f8189d6](https://github.com/M-Faheem-Khan/ThreatHunting/blob/main/05aa485c6efbef1c65e5876428d00cbb72b85b0c16530ec9f0ed47355f8189d6/analysis.md) | YES | MS Excel (xlsx) | YES |
| [7c805f51ee3b2994e742d73954e51d7c2c24c76455b0b9a1b44d61cb4e280502](https://github.com/M-Faheem-Khan/ThreatHunting/blob/main/7c805f51ee3b2994e742d73954e51d7c2c24c76455b0b9a1b44d61cb4e280502/analysis.md) | YES | MS PowerPoint(ppt) | NO |
| [7974612d55958423ed64268bc4df602c9cd67fff5c248a3d14dac06ed6b03f04](https://github.com/M-Faheem-Khan/ThreatHunting/blob/main/7974612d55958423ed64268bc4df602c9cd67fff5c248a3d14dac06ed6b03f04/analysis.md) | YES | PowerShell (ps1) | NO |

<!-- EOF -->

Commit message:

Add: Maturity Matrix to the README.md

README.md, after:

# ThreatHunting

This repository contains my analysis of various malware samples uploaded to Malware Bazaar. 

## Analyzed Samples
| SHA256 | Analysis | File Type | Yara Rule |
|---|---|---|---|
| [6fff03a5b2e69d3e0fc91be6d24a3dbbd37e490214122fa2a1ea6e80acfa2131](https://github.com/M-Faheem-Khan/ThreatHunting/blob/main/6fff03a5b2e69d3e0fc91be6d24a3dbbd37e490214122fa2a1ea6e80acfa2131/analysis.md) | YES | MS Excel (xlsx) | YES |
| [05aa485c6efbef1c65e5876428d00cbb72b85b0c16530ec9f0ed47355f8189d6](https://github.com/M-Faheem-Khan/ThreatHunting/blob/main/05aa485c6efbef1c65e5876428d00cbb72b85b0c16530ec9f0ed47355f8189d6/analysis.md) | YES | MS Excel (xlsx) | YES |
| [7c805f51ee3b2994e742d73954e51d7c2c24c76455b0b9a1b44d61cb4e280502](https://github.com/M-Faheem-Khan/ThreatHunting/blob/main/7c805f51ee3b2994e742d73954e51d7c2c24c76455b0b9a1b44d61cb4e280502/analysis.md) | YES | MS PowerPoint(ppt) | NO |
| [7974612d55958423ed64268bc4df602c9cd67fff5c248a3d14dac06ed6b03f04](https://github.com/M-Faheem-Khan/ThreatHunting/blob/main/7974612d55958423ed64268bc4df602c9cd67fff5c248a3d14dac06ed6b03f04/analysis.md) | YES | PowerShell (ps1) | NO |

## Maturity Matrix
The purpose of the [Maturity Matrix](https://github.com/M-Faheem-Khan/Threat-Hunting-Malware-Analysis/blob/main/maturity-matrix.md) of the malware based off of the following factors Obfuscation, Attack Techinques & Functions/API used to calculate the associated risk. The matrix ranks a malware between `3` & `9` where `3` is the lowest risk & `9` the highest risk. 

<!-- EOF -->
